Copyright (c) <xxxx>-<xxxx> <Licensor>

All rights reserved.

This software is based upon or includes certain works and algorithms related
to hierarchical temporal memory ("HTM") technology published by Numenta Inc.  
Numenta holds patent rights related to HTM and the algorithms used in this 
software.  Numenta has agreed not to assert its patent rights against 
development or use of independent HTM systems, as long as such development 
or use is for research purposes only, and not for any commercial or production
use.  Any commercial or production use of HTM technology that infringes on 
Numenta's patents will require a commercial license from Numenta.

Based on the foregoing, this software is licensed under the terms below, for 
research purposes only and not for any commercial or production use.  For 
purposes of this license, "commercial or production use" includes training an 
HTM network with the intent of later deploying the trained network or 
application for commercial or production purposes, and using or permitting 
others to use the output from HTM technology for commercial or production 
purposes.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted (subject to the limitations in the disclaimer 
below) provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code, including any modifications or derivative 
works, must retain the full text of this license and the following disclaimer, 
and be subject to the terms and conditions of this license.

* Redistributions in binary form, including any modifications or derivative 
works, must reproduce the full text of this license and the following 
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the 
distribution, and be subject to the terms and conditions of this license.

* Neither the name of Numenta, Inc.,  <Licensor>, nor the names of other 
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this 
software without specific prior written permission.

NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED LICENSES TO ANY PATENT RIGHTS ARE GRANTED BY THIS 
LICENSE.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS 
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR 
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER 
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, 
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE 
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
